Spy games
    This is an ARG, played with your smartphone. One of the points is that
    it is clandestine, and identifying other players is usually to the 
    of the identified player. 


    Your app gives you missions:
        "Walk between these locations."
        "Visit three burrito shops"
        "Take pictures of ten blue cars"
        "Stand in a park for fifteen minutes"
    Other people are alerted about objectives:
        "Operatives are going to go to these locations."
        "There are three operatives in this park. Find them."
        Bribery mission:
            buy an agent a coffee
            tip 100% to an agent
    Sell T-Shirts, hats with QR codes on them. Also, armbands, coasters, etc

    Bluetooth pairing: 
        Phones connect to one another by scanning for bluetooth connections.
        No contact: people manage to pair phones by getting close enough
        
    Image recognition:
        At the beginning of the day, your first mission is to "meet an agent"
            You will take three pictures of the other person, and are inducted into the system
            Image recognition describes the player
            Later, people are targetted using the description.
            You can take pictures of suspected agents, and the game will evaluate whether or not it's the same person.
            Morse code communications:
                use a camera flash and camera on sender/receiver
            QR codes are used for information handoffs

            Fix a QR code, and then have someone else scan it?
            Deliver QR codes to players, which can be scanned by other players for points. (They're stickers)
                When people scan them, they gain points. The recipient also gets a small number of points for each person who scans one they place.
            If someone takes a picture of you placing a QR code, they can "blackmail" you
                App sends you a picture, you can give up ownership of the placed code.
                Sell "bombs", which take points from scanners, and give you more points.
                    Bombs can be "defused" by coloring in missing pixels with a sharpie,
                        making them harmless, and getting you points. 
                Possible to encode location information into 
    Services required:
        Going to have to have a client-server relationship with the app.
        Server:
            Maintains user enrollment
                Registration is public
                Get user email, send a link, make sure it gets clicked
        Client:
            Android app
            on boot, attempts registration/login
            Maintains local sqlitedb
            Should operate with screen off, since game is clandestine in nature
            There is a 


basic app login schema:
    client posts email to /register
    server returns True if new user, False if already in the system
    case True:
        user provides password
        client submits username/password to server
        server records username/pwhash
        server sends confirmation
        user clicks confirmation
        account is active
    case False:
        ask for account recovery

database schema:
    users:
        id pkey
        email unique
        alias I'm thinking not unique? If someone's clever, they're clever. 
        pwhash sha512
        registration_date
        email_confirmed

to do:
    email confirmation system
        so, a user signs up
        a uuid is created, stored in a table: "email_registrations"
            email_registration schema:
                user_id
                uuid
                creation_date
    frontend interface

actual application functionality design:
    decoding of the code happens on client device.
    all codes are just a URL with a uuid
    if request comes in from not app, send to homepage

    

